Apply prettier and autosquash commit (#41)
OCA/odoo-module-migrator: README.rst

``odoo-module-migrator`` is a python3 library that allows you to realize automatically
recurring changes when migrating Odoo modules from a version to another.

> for exemple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example:
```

:wink:

> for example:

Reviewer 2: I systematically make this mistake. I'm sorry (x4)

This library will so:

> * (optionnaly) get commits from the old branch and squash useless commit (if format-patch is enabled)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* (optionally) get commits from the old branch and squash useless commits (if format-patch is enabled)
```

        --target-version-name  12.0
        --format-patch

Automatic Squashing
----------------------
The OCA recommand to squash automatic commit (from bot)
This migration script will do it automatically but you need to configure
correctly your git, so the script can apply the squash correctly

You need to apply the following global config to your git

.. code-block:: shell

>     git config --global --add rebase.instructionFormat "<%ae> %s"

Reviewer 3: Can't this be added locally and automatically in the repo, if the feature is enabled?

        --target-version-name  12.0
        --format-patch

Automatic Squashing
----------------------

> The OCA recommand to squash automatic commit (from bot)
> This migration script will do it automatically but you need to configure
> correctly your git, so the script can apply the squash correctly
> 
> You need to apply the following global config to your git
> 
> .. code-block:: shell
> 
>     git config --global --add rebase.instructionFormat "<%ae> %s"
> 
> Then you can use the --auto-squash option

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To use the OCA recommand to autosquash commits from bot, add ``--auto-squash``:
```

See below.

Reviewer: s/recommand/recommend
